Add silenced key to spec description table in events reference doc (#2569)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.21/reference/events.md

description  | For incident and resolution events, the number of preceding events with an OK status (for incident events) or non-OK status (for resolution events). The `occurrences_watermark` attribute gives you useful information when looking at events that change status between OK (`0`)and non-OK (`1`-WARNING, `2`-CRITICAL, or UNKNOWN).<br><br>Sensu resets `occurrences_watermark` to `1` whenever an event for a given entity and check transitions between OK and non-OK. Within a sequence of only OK or only non-OK events, Sensu increments `occurrences_watermark` only when the `occurrences` attribute is greater than the preceding `occurrences_watermark`. See [Use event data][31] for more information.
required     | false
type         | Integer greater than 0
example      | {{< code shell >}}"occurrences_watermark": 1{{< /code >}}

silenced     | |
-------------|------

> description  | Array of silencing entries that match the event. If no silencing entries match the event, the `silenced` key will have a null value. API responses omit keys with null values, so `silenced` will only appear for events when one or more silencing entries match the event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description  | Array of silencing entries that match the event. The `silenced` key is only present for events where one or more silencing entries matched the event at time of processing. If the `silenced` key is not present in an event, the event was not silenced at the time of processing.
```
